\begin{table*}[h!]
\centering
\caption{Simple table}
\resizebox{0.5\textwidth}{!}{%
\begin{tabular}{l l}
\toprule
\textbf{Data} & \textbf{Description}                                                      \\ \midrule
id              & Irregularity  $\pm$Identifier                                           \\ \hline
type            & Irregularity   type                                                 \\ \hline
speed           & Traffic speed   in irregularity                                     \\ \hline
regularSpeed    & Historical   regular speed in segment in kmh                        \\ \hline
delaySeconds    & Delay   in seconds from regular speed                               \\ \hline
seconds         & Historical   time to travel the jam length minus the free flow time \\ \hline
length          & Irregularity   length                                               \\ \hline
trend           & -1   improving, 0 constant, 1 getting worse                         \\ \hline
street          & Street   name                                                       \\ \hline
city            & City   name                                                         \\ \hline
country         & Country   name                                                      \\ \hline
severity        & Calculated   severity of irregularity compared to historical speed  \\ \hline
jamLevel        & Traffic congestion level                                            \\ \hline
driversCount    & Number of   Wazers in irregularity                                  \\ \hline
alertsCount     & How   many alerts from Wazers in irregularity segments              \\ \hline
endNode         & Nearest   Junction/steet/city to jam end (supplied when available)  \\ \hline
nImages         & Number   of images uploaded related to the jam                      \\ \hline
highway         & Is   highway true/false                                             \\ \hline
nThumbsUp       & Number   of thumbs up related to the jam                            \\ \hline
geo             & Geography   of the jam                                              \\ \hline
geoWKT          & Geography   of the jam                                              \\ \hline
startNode       & Nearest   Junction/steet/city to jam start (supplied when           \\ \hline
detectionDateTS & Timestamp                                                           \\ \hline
updateDateTS    & Last   update                                                       \\ \hline
nComments       & Number   of comments related to the jam                             \\ \hline
causeType       & Alert   type that caused the irregularity                           \\ \hline
causeAlertUUID  & Alert   ID                                                         \\ \bottomrule
\end{tabular}
}
\label{table:waze_irregularities}

\end{table*}

